**How do you see creativity?**

Creativity means coming up with different ideas as a way of doing things. Creative thinkers normally aren't that great at 
subjects and scenarios where that scenerio only has one way of completion. For example, maths is a subject where there are only
right and wrong answers. A creative thinker excels at subjects and scenarios where there are no right or wrong answers, what 
matters is that persons opinion and how they can creatively show off their product.

**What is the significance of ‘the problem’ for digital media designers?**

Digital media designers, aren't necesserily the most qualified to be in a more traditional media enviornment.
This is due to them being primarily focused on new media techniques. For example, a digital media designer could be world class
at designing and making apps but, they could also not be as good as someone who is more centered around film production roles.

**What is the key to working effectively (individually and collaboratively)?**

The key to working effectively is to bring as much as you can to the table. This is so that when you are working in a group, 
you can work in different areas to a good standard and aren't limited by specializing in one area. As an individual, you could
do freelance work, and can do a variety of differnt jobs. This will bring you more work and therefore more money.

**What is design about?**

Design is about making the idea into a visual reality. Designing itself is about shaping that concept and making it into 
content, product etc.

**What are your aspirations for studying Digital Media Design?**

Although my aspirations for being in the media industry, is to one day become a producer, i've learnt that DMD can open alot 
of doors for me in the industry. For example, i will look more favourable to an employer as ill have more skills to offer and 
this will help me become a more complete media practicioner, because being an all rounder is better than being centered to one
role. 

**How will you make the most of studying the Digital Media Design?**

By showing up to every lecture and workshop without fail. Always take note of what lecturers are saying bevause they all have 
industry experience. As well as this, try to create a personal step by steo gudie when learning new techniques so i can apply 
them on later projects. Keep open to learning anything new as you shiuld always be curious about learning something new. 

**Include a screen-shot of your Hi-Lo Game programming workshop exercise. Describe one aspect of what you found interesting or surprising about what you programmed (refer to specific line-numbers where relevant).**
